!_TAG_FILE_FORMAT	2	/extended format; --format=1 will not append ;" to lines/
!_TAG_FILE_SORTED	1	/0=unsorted, 1=sorted, 2=foldcase/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_AUTHOR	Darren Hiebert	/dhiebert@users.sourceforge.net/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_NAME	Exuberant Ctags	//
!_TAG_PROGRAM_URL	http://ctags.sourceforge.net	/official site/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_VERSION	5.8	//
AddGenderToNames	/Users/kitlangton/Viking/Unit8/NewRepublicTimes/db/migrate/20160127224328_add_gender_to_names.rb	/^class AddGenderToNames < ActiveRecord::Migration$/;"	c
AddNamesToCharacter	/Users/kitlangton/Viking/Unit8/NewRepublicTimes/db/migrate/20160127223003_add_names_to_character.rb	/^class AddNamesToCharacter < ActiveRecord::Migration$/;"	c
AddPlanetsToLocations	/Users/kitlangton/Viking/Unit8/NewRepublicTimes/db/migrate/20160128015424_add_planets_to_locations.rb	/^class AddPlanetsToLocations < ActiveRecord::Migration$/;"	c
Application	/Users/kitlangton/Viking/Unit8/NewRepublicTimes/config/application.rb	/^  class Application < Rails::Application$/;"	c	class:NewRepublicTimes
ApplicationController	/Users/kitlangton/Viking/Unit8/NewRepublicTimes/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	/^class ApplicationController < ActionController::Base$/;"	c
ApplicationHelper	/Users/kitlangton/Viking/Unit8/NewRepublicTimes/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	/^module ApplicationHelper$/;"	m
Article	/Users/kitlangton/Viking/Unit8/NewRepublicTimes/app/models/article.rb	/^class Article < ActiveRecord::Base$/;"	c
ArticlesController	/Users/kitlangton/Viking/Unit8/NewRepublicTimes/app/controllers/articles_controller.rb	/^class ArticlesController < ApplicationController$/;"	c
ArticlesHelper	/Users/kitlangton/Viking/Unit8/NewRepublicTimes/app/helpers/articles_helper.rb	/^module ArticlesHelper$/;"	m
AssignmentsController	/Users/kitlangton/Viking/Unit8/NewRepublicTimes/app/controllers/assignments_controller.rb	/^class AssignmentsController < ApplicationController$/;"	c
AssignmentsHelper	/Users/kitlangton/Viking/Unit8/NewRepublicTimes/app/helpers/assignments_helper.rb	/^module AssignmentsHelper$/;"	m
Character	/Users/kitlangton/Viking/Unit8/NewRepublicTimes/app/models/character.rb	/^class Character < ActiveRecord::Base$/;"	c
CharactersController	/Users/kitlangton/Viking/Unit8/NewRepublicTimes/app/controllers/characters_controller.rb	/^class CharactersController < ApplicationController$/;"	c
CharactersHelper	/Users/kitlangton/Viking/Unit8/NewRepublicTimes/app/helpers/characters_helper.rb	/^module CharactersHelper$/;"	m
CreateArticles	/Users/kitlangton/Viking/Unit8/NewRepublicTimes/db/migrate/20160127202055_create_articles.rb	/^class CreateArticles < ActiveRecord::Migration$/;"	c
CreateCharacters	/Users/kitlangton/Viking/Unit8/NewRepublicTimes/db/migrate/20160127174645_create_characters.rb	/^class CreateCharacters < ActiveRecord::Migration$/;"	c
CreateLocations	/Users/kitlangton/Viking/Unit8/NewRepublicTimes/db/migrate/20160128014947_create_locations.rb	/^class CreateLocations < ActiveRecord::Migration$/;"	c
CreateNames	/Users/kitlangton/Viking/Unit8/NewRepublicTimes/db/migrate/20160127222854_create_names.rb	/^class CreateNames < ActiveRecord::Migration$/;"	c
CreatePlanets	/Users/kitlangton/Viking/Unit8/NewRepublicTimes/db/migrate/20160127192809_create_planets.rb	/^class CreatePlanets < ActiveRecord::Migration$/;"	c
Location	/Users/kitlangton/Viking/Unit8/NewRepublicTimes/app/models/location.rb	/^class Location < ActiveRecord::Base$/;"	c
LocationsController	/Users/kitlangton/Viking/Unit8/NewRepublicTimes/app/controllers/locations_controller.rb	/^class LocationsController < ApplicationController$/;"	c
LocationsHelper	/Users/kitlangton/Viking/Unit8/NewRepublicTimes/app/helpers/locations_helper.rb	/^module LocationsHelper$/;"	m
Name	/Users/kitlangton/Viking/Unit8/NewRepublicTimes/app/models/name.rb	/^class Name < ActiveRecord::Base$/;"	c
NamedEntities	/Users/kitlangton/Viking/Unit8/NewRepublicTimes/lib/named_entities.rb	/^class NamedEntities$/;"	c
NamesController	/Users/kitlangton/Viking/Unit8/NewRepublicTimes/app/controllers/names_controller.rb	/^class NamesController < ApplicationController$/;"	c
NamesHelper	/Users/kitlangton/Viking/Unit8/NewRepublicTimes/app/helpers/names_helper.rb	/^module NamesHelper$/;"	m
NewRepublicTimes	/Users/kitlangton/Viking/Unit8/NewRepublicTimes/config/application.rb	/^module NewRepublicTimes$/;"	m
Planet	/Users/kitlangton/Viking/Unit8/NewRepublicTimes/app/models/planet.rb	/^class Planet < ActiveRecord::Base$/;"	c
PlanetController	/Users/kitlangton/Viking/Unit8/NewRepublicTimes/app/controllers/planet_controller.rb	/^class PlanetController < ApplicationController$/;"	c
PlanetHelper	/Users/kitlangton/Viking/Unit8/NewRepublicTimes/app/helpers/planet_helper.rb	/^module PlanetHelper$/;"	m
StarWarsScraper	/Users/kitlangton/Viking/Unit8/NewRepublicTimes/lib/star_wars_scraper.rb	/^class StarWarsScraper$/;"	c
TimesScraper	/Users/kitlangton/Viking/Unit8/NewRepublicTimes/lib/times_scraper.rb	/^class TimesScraper$/;"	c
article_params	/Users/kitlangton/Viking/Unit8/NewRepublicTimes/app/controllers/articles_controller.rb	/^    def article_params$/;"	f	class:ArticlesController
change	/Users/kitlangton/Viking/Unit8/NewRepublicTimes/db/migrate/20160127174645_create_characters.rb	/^  def change$/;"	f	class:CreateCharacters
change	/Users/kitlangton/Viking/Unit8/NewRepublicTimes/db/migrate/20160127192809_create_planets.rb	/^  def change$/;"	f	class:CreatePlanets
change	/Users/kitlangton/Viking/Unit8/NewRepublicTimes/db/migrate/20160127202055_create_articles.rb	/^  def change$/;"	f	class:CreateArticles
change	/Users/kitlangton/Viking/Unit8/NewRepublicTimes/db/migrate/20160127222854_create_names.rb	/^  def change$/;"	f	class:CreateNames
change	/Users/kitlangton/Viking/Unit8/NewRepublicTimes/db/migrate/20160127223003_add_names_to_character.rb	/^  def change$/;"	f	class:AddNamesToCharacter
change	/Users/kitlangton/Viking/Unit8/NewRepublicTimes/db/migrate/20160127224328_add_gender_to_names.rb	/^  def change$/;"	f	class:AddGenderToNames
change	/Users/kitlangton/Viking/Unit8/NewRepublicTimes/db/migrate/20160128014947_create_locations.rb	/^  def change$/;"	f	class:CreateLocations
change	/Users/kitlangton/Viking/Unit8/NewRepublicTimes/db/migrate/20160128015424_add_planets_to_locations.rb	/^  def change$/;"	f	class:AddPlanetsToLocations
character_for	/Users/kitlangton/Viking/Unit8/NewRepublicTimes/app/controllers/assignments_controller.rb	/^  def character_for(characters, name)$/;"	f	class:AssignmentsController
character_for	/Users/kitlangton/Viking/Unit8/NewRepublicTimes/app/controllers/assignments_controller.rb	/^  def character_for(name, selected)$/;"	f	class:AssignmentsController
character_params	/Users/kitlangton/Viking/Unit8/NewRepublicTimes/app/controllers/characters_controller.rb	/^  def character_params$/;"	f	class:CharactersController
create	/Users/kitlangton/Viking/Unit8/NewRepublicTimes/app/controllers/articles_controller.rb	/^  def create$/;"	f	class:ArticlesController
destroy	/Users/kitlangton/Viking/Unit8/NewRepublicTimes/app/controllers/articles_controller.rb	/^  def destroy$/;"	f	class:ArticlesController
edit	/Users/kitlangton/Viking/Unit8/NewRepublicTimes/app/controllers/articles_controller.rb	/^  def edit$/;"	f	class:ArticlesController
edit	/Users/kitlangton/Viking/Unit8/NewRepublicTimes/app/controllers/names_controller.rb	/^  def edit$/;"	f	class:NamesController
index	/Users/kitlangton/Viking/Unit8/NewRepublicTimes/app/controllers/articles_controller.rb	/^  def index$/;"	f	class:ArticlesController
index	/Users/kitlangton/Viking/Unit8/NewRepublicTimes/app/controllers/locations_controller.rb	/^  def index$/;"	f	class:LocationsController
index	/Users/kitlangton/Viking/Unit8/NewRepublicTimes/app/controllers/names_controller.rb	/^  def index$/;"	f	class:NamesController
initialize	/Users/kitlangton/Viking/Unit8/NewRepublicTimes/lib/times_scraper.rb	/^  def initialize$/;"	f	class:TimesScraper
location_params	/Users/kitlangton/Viking/Unit8/NewRepublicTimes/app/controllers/locations_controller.rb	/^  def location_params$/;"	f	class:LocationsController
name_params	/Users/kitlangton/Viking/Unit8/NewRepublicTimes/app/controllers/names_controller.rb	/^  def name_params$/;"	f	class:NamesController
new	/Users/kitlangton/Viking/Unit8/NewRepublicTimes/app/controllers/articles_controller.rb	/^  def new$/;"	f	class:ArticlesController
parse_name	/Users/kitlangton/Viking/Unit8/NewRepublicTimes/app/models/character.rb	/^  def parse_name$/;"	f	class:Character
people	/Users/kitlangton/Viking/Unit8/NewRepublicTimes/lib/star_wars_scraper.rb	/^  def self.people(limit)$/;"	F	class:StarWarsScraper
planet_params	/Users/kitlangton/Viking/Unit8/NewRepublicTimes/app/controllers/planet_controller.rb	/^  def planet_params$/;"	f	class:PlanetController
planets	/Users/kitlangton/Viking/Unit8/NewRepublicTimes/lib/star_wars_scraper.rb	/^  def self.planets(limit)$/;"	F	class:StarWarsScraper
process	/Users/kitlangton/Viking/Unit8/NewRepublicTimes/lib/named_entities.rb	/^  def process(text)$/;"	f	class:NamedEntities
scrape	/Users/kitlangton/Viking/Unit8/NewRepublicTimes/lib/times_scraper.rb	/^  def scrape(url)$/;"	f	class:TimesScraper
set_article	/Users/kitlangton/Viking/Unit8/NewRepublicTimes/app/controllers/articles_controller.rb	/^    def set_article$/;"	f	class:ArticlesController
show	/Users/kitlangton/Viking/Unit8/NewRepublicTimes/app/controllers/articles_controller.rb	/^  def show$/;"	f	class:ArticlesController
show	/Users/kitlangton/Viking/Unit8/NewRepublicTimes/app/controllers/assignments_controller.rb	/^  def show$/;"	f	class:AssignmentsController
show	/Users/kitlangton/Viking/Unit8/NewRepublicTimes/app/controllers/names_controller.rb	/^  def show$/;"	f	class:NamesController
to_hash	/Users/kitlangton/Viking/Unit8/NewRepublicTimes/app/models/character.rb	/^  def to_hash$/;"	f	class:Character
to_hash	/Users/kitlangton/Viking/Unit8/NewRepublicTimes/app/models/name.rb	/^  def to_hash$/;"	f	class:Name
update	/Users/kitlangton/Viking/Unit8/NewRepublicTimes/app/controllers/articles_controller.rb	/^  def update$/;"	f	class:ArticlesController
update	/Users/kitlangton/Viking/Unit8/NewRepublicTimes/app/controllers/characters_controller.rb	/^  def update$/;"	f	class:CharactersController
update	/Users/kitlangton/Viking/Unit8/NewRepublicTimes/app/controllers/locations_controller.rb	/^  def update$/;"	f	class:LocationsController
update	/Users/kitlangton/Viking/Unit8/NewRepublicTimes/app/controllers/names_controller.rb	/^  def update$/;"	f	class:NamesController
update	/Users/kitlangton/Viking/Unit8/NewRepublicTimes/app/controllers/planet_controller.rb	/^  def update$/;"	f	class:PlanetController
